Adding alt text to several images in several files. (#79)
mulesoft/docs-apikit: modules/ROOT/pages/creating-an-odata-api-with-apikit.adoc

. Copy the `odata.raml` file you downloaded in the prerequisites section to the `/src/main/resources/api` directory in your project.
. In the project explorer, right-click `odata.raml` and select *Mule* > *Generate OData API from RAML Types*.
+

> image::generate-odata.png["Window highlights the full path mentioned before to get to the generate odata API from raml types option."]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::generate-odata.png["Window highlights the full path that was previously mentioned to get to the generate OData API from RAML types option."]
```
